Add CHANGELOG for v0.12 (#305)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.12 [2023-05-10]

_Bug fixes_

> Removed the `cards` reflecting the RDS DB cluster snapshot costs in `AWS RDS DB Cluster Snapshot Dashboard` dashboard and RDS DB instance snapshot costs in `AWS RDS DB Instance Snapshot Dashboard` dashboard. ([#304](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/304)) ([#308](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/308))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed cards, charts, and tables displaying inaccurate cost-based information from both `AWS RDS DB Cluster Snapshot Dashboard` and `AWS RDS DB Instance Snapshot Dashboard` dashboards. ([#304](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/304)) ([#308](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/308))
```
